Now, when you ask some programmers with Lvalues and Rvalues are,
they might often have a rough notion,
but in many cases,
not a really deep going understanding.
When you continued on this road asking about lvalue references or even rvalue references,
then it might get even more blurry and vague.
But understanding the ideas behind these concepts is a key to
a whole new world in modern C++, to be exact.
It enables you to do things that make your code more robust,
more intentional, and in many cases,
faster and more efficient.
Now lvalues and rvalues tell us much about
the life cycle of an object in memory and about its ownership policy.
We're all used to dealing with lvalues and rvalues implicitly as you will soon see,
and also lvalue references is something which we
have already seen and discussed and implemented in this course.
Now, a new piece to the puzzle is rvalue references.
They can be spotted from the double ampersand sign and allow us to
access temporary objects that would otherwise be deleted very quickly.
Now, our value references,
they might look frightening at first,
but they really are the key to more efficient programming in C++,
and under the hood,
all container classes in the Standard Template Library,
the STL, they use rvalue references and also move semantics.
Let's take a look and start with a definition of lvalues
and rvalues first before we continue to move semantics.